# 1. Introduction
The OnDemand Car system is a system built on front end HTML and CSS with back end PHP utilizing PHP admin and SQL for the database structure. It is hosted on a web server to reach the most people possible. Our ethos for the look of the front end is that it is easy to use and navigate while providing adequate information without unnecessary clicks. For our back end we just want a fast, well optimised database so users are able to pull any additional information with ease without having to wait. This will be done by allowing users to sign into profiles created on the site. There they can see their vehicles' rating as well as modify any personal info. It also provides a way for users to upload information about the cars they will be renting out to other users, and for those other users to be able to see and make informed decisions based on the uploaded information about the vehicles they can choose from. As far as payment services, that will be done by a third party system that is secure and trustworthy so user information will not be in danger.\
[Github](https://github.com/cmchone5155/On-Demand-Car)
# 2. Implemented Requirements
Requirement: As a user i would like a website that looks good and is easy to use
Issue: Change styling and navigation
Pull request: https://github.com/cmchone5155/On-Demand-Car/pull/16 
Implemented by: Curtis McHone
Approved by: Scott Austin
# 3. Tests
3.1.1. We are using Selenium as our automation tool for testing specifically PHPUnit tests within the IDE.

3.1.2. Link to your GitHub folder where your automated unit tests are located.

3.1.3. An example of a test case. Include in your answer a GitHub link to the class being tested and to the test. 

3.1.4. A print screen showing the result of the automated tests execution.

# 4. Demo
[Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MxWxzQJ7HXE&ab_channel=HunterWoodruff)
# 5. Code Quality
Each person was responsible for writing and keeping their own code clean. This was then checked by our quality assurance person who ensured that code structure, variable naming and all other rules were followed that were established at the start of this project. Our rules were derived from Leveringtons CS249 code quality rubric: clean code, no unnecessary code, self documenting variables ..etc)
# 10. Lessons Learned
Start with a smaller scale project and then add features as we go instead of trying to create a product right from the get go. As well as develop better knowledge of secure payments and web services so that we can fully create the product instead of out-sourcing.\
I learned how to use php in combination with html to build a login and logout page for a website.\
I, Sami Tanquary, learned how to use Selenium’s IDE to create automated PHPUnit tests for each of the newly integrated features in this deliverable.\
I, Curtis McHone, expanded my knowledge on css and learned how to format a website with a navigation bar and buttons on top of pictures. As well as adding a png logo.\
I, Scott Austin, expanded my knowledge on deploying AWS services, especially dealing with Relational Databases. I have also learned the hardships of development and working as a team, it has especially highlighted how important communication and structure is to development.\
I learned a little more about formatting an html page. Additionally, I think that multiple small pull requests are more helpful than just one giant one so the main is constantly up to date.



