# 1. Introduction
The OnDemand Car system is a system built on front end HTML and CSS with back end PHP utilizing PHP admin and SQL for the database structure. It is hosted on a web server to reach the most people possible. Our ethos for the look of the front end is that it is easy to use and navigate while providing adequate information without unnecessary clicks. For our back end we just want a fast, well optimised database so users are able to pull any additional information with ease without having to wait. This will be done by allowing users to sign into profiles created on the site. There they can see their vehicles' rating as well as modify any personal info. It also provides a way for users to upload information about the cars they will be renting out to other users, and for those other users to be able to see and make informed decisions based on the uploaded information about the vehicles they can choose from. As far as payment services, that will be done by a third party system that is secure and trustworthy so user information will not be in danger\
[Github](https://github.com/cmchone5155/On-Demand-Car)
# 2. Verification

# 3. Validation
### Chris Hernandez [Middle Age Employee]:
* How would you rate the homepage?
  - It is very simple, but it looks good.
* How does it compare to competitor?
  - It is not much of a competitor to Turo.
* 1-10 for layout of our application?
  -  10
* On the same scale, how likely would you use the system in its current state?
  - With third party payment services, yes.
* How do you like the rentee page?
  - Its bare bones but does exactly what I need it to do.


### Becca Stout [Student]:
* How would you rate the homepage?
  - Look okay the buttons look a little out of place
* How does it compare to competitor?
  - Much much worse but understandable as that is a large company
* 1-10 for layout of our application?
  - 10 layout is great
* On the same scale, how likely would you use the system in its current state?
  - No but only because I do not have a need for this service.
* How do you like the listing page?
  - Its great I like the format of the page with no distracting features.

### Romero Ragsdale [Graduate Assistant]:
How would you rate the homepage?
Looks okay the buttons look a little out of place
How does it compare to competitors?
Much much worse but understandable as that is a large company
1-10 for the layout of our application?
10 layout is great
On the same scale, how likely would you use the system in its current state?
Yes, this seems like something I can use when i'm traveling.
How do you like the sign in sign out features?
Its great the profiles are easy to navigate but do lack some details such as an edit profile feature.



